>> Lukas Ruebbelke: The goal today is to
have a strong grasp on how to launch and
support an Angular application.
So, we,
in the course description says we reserve
the right to change things, as we see fit.
And so this is still the goal.
So we're gonna talk about building and
testing and deploying.
And some static analysis in some of these
things, which I think are super important.
But because I am responsive and
my favorite part of doing what I do and
having the honor of being an instructor,
is being able to go and ask,
like what problems are you having,
what challenges are you facing and
then kind of adjust accordingly and
address some of those.
So, this morning,
we are going to do a review.
And then we're just going to have
a high level conversation about
applications in general.
And specifically
application complexity and
just set the stage for some very practical
things that we can do within our Angular
application to alleviate those problems.
So, for instance, one of the conversations
we had was I have this wire frame,
how do I actually break it
down in two components?
So where does it go?
So, maybe later this afternoon or maybe
this morning, when I get to wire frames,
we may even just sit down and
take and opportunity to say,
well this is how this would
kind of fit together.
But talking about application complexity,
then we're gonna talk about
immutable operations,
reactive forms, event communication and
route parameters.
And as a bonus, there is an Angular,
a firebased example that
I cooked up last night.
And so, I'm not for
sure where we will work that in and but
it's definitely there and
there is a specific branch for that.
So these are kind of a list this morning,
we're gonna have fun and
we're talk about some very specific things
around solving application complexity.
And then, I think later this afternoon,
we're going to talk about testing and
debugging, static analysis,
angular performance and deploying.
Which I'm a little on the fence with
the deploying portion because by the time
we get there,
everything that I would have said is we've
already talked about in
the other three modules.
But it's there and so,
we'll just see how that works but
that would be you know something that
once you start to see these commands,
you're like like the angular
sale like does this?
Not a lot to talk about there,
it's taken care of.